---
id: 339
title: 'AGM Report'
date: '2023-12-07T17:00:21+00:00'
author: ei7ig
layout: post
guid: 'http://www.ei7trg.ie/?p=339'
permalink: '/?p=339'
categories:
    - Activities
tags:
    - '2023'
    - AGM
---

On Wednesday the 6th of December 2023 last, members of the Tipperary Amateur Radio Group met at The Princess Bar, Clonmel at 8pm for their Annual General Meeting. This was a well attended meeting with group members traveling from Co Kilkenny, Co Waterford, and Co Cork joining their Co Tipperary based colleagues.

Andy EI5JF chaired this very productive meeting, and John EI7IG (TARG Secretary) read the minutes of the previous AGM. Group treasurer Thomas EI2IT reported a healthy financial situation. A review of the year as well as upcoming activities were discussed at length by the group members. The callsign EI30T will be aired on the various Amateur Radio Bands over the coming year to mark the 30th Anniversary of the Tipperary Amateur Radio Group since its formation in 1994.

Congratulations were extended to group members Tom EI5JDB and Eddie EI5JNB who were successful in passing the HAREC Exam which they sat last November. Brian EI2JKB was acknowledged for his efforts in reading the Weekly IRTS News every Sunday at 9.30pm on 145.450mhz FM. It was decided that the venue for all group meetings in 2024 will be held at The Princess Bar, Irishtown, Clonmel, Co Tipperary (E91 PW90). The meeting concluded at 11pm when Andy EI5JF thanked all for their input and attendance at this AGM of TARG.

The new committee was elected as follows:-

- Chairman- Andy Jay EI5JF
- Vice Chairman - Brian Kelly EI2JKB
- Secretary - John Ronan EI7IG
- Treasurer - Thomas Hallinan EI2IT
- Group PRO - Hugh O'Donnell EI2HI
- Events &amp; QSL Manager - Paul Norris EI3ENB

For more information about T.A.R.G you can contact us at [ei7trg@ei7trg. ie ](mailto:ei7trg@ei7trg.ie)